[DEVCOMMS-473] Nueva Estructura de Referencia de API (#1528)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/in-person-payments/mp-point/apiref-map.en.md

# APIs Map

The following actions are available for **Mercado Pago Point**.

# Devices

|Action|Description|
|---|---|
|[Get devices](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/reference/integrations_api/_point_integration-api_devices/get)|This endpoint allows you to get the devices.|

> |[Change operation mode](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/reference/integrations_api/_point_integration-api_payment-intents_paymentintentid_events/get)|This endpoint allows you to change the device operating mode.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Change operation mode](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/reference/integrations_api/_point_integration-api_devices_device-id/patch)|This endpoint allows you to change the device operating mode.|
```

### Point Payments

|Action|Description|
|---|---|----[mlb]----
[Create payment intent](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/reference/integrations_api_paymentintent_mlb/_point_integration-api_devices_deviceid_payment-intents/post)|This endpoint allows to create a payment intent for a device.|------------ ----[mla]----
|[Create payment intent](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/reference/integrations_api/_point_integration-api_devices_deviceid_payment-intents/post)|This endpoint allows to create a payment intent for a device.|------------
|[Cancel payment intent](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/reference/integrations_api/_point_integration-api_devices_deviceid_payment-intents_paymentintentid/delete)|This endpoint allows to cancel a payment intent.|

> |[Search payment intent](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/reference/integrations_api/_point_integration-api_payment-intents_paymentintentid/get)|This endpoint allows to get information of payment intent.|

Reviewer: Una pavada acá, pero en API Reference es "Find" en lugar de Search. Lo mismo pasa en español y portugués con "Encuentra/Encontrar". Lo traigo para generar consistencia.

Author: Se cambiaron todas las nomenclaturas, ahora todo es search. Si abriste el link desde el scope seguramente te llevo al api reference actual del devsite, en el cope ya estan los nombres cambiados!
